# Object Directory
[back to directory](README.md#directory)
## HorizontalSlice
*Inherits WorldConstants*     
A slice of the world containing only one type of [HorizontalLine](#horizontalline). Generated by [GameHandler](#gamehandler).
- [Data Dictionary](data_dictionaries.md#horizontalslice)
## HorizontalLine
*Inherits WorldConstants*       
A superclass for a single line with functionality to spawn obstacles and interact with the player. Created by HorizontalSlice.
> ## River
> A child of [HorizontalLine](#horizontalline) defining a river, wherein the 'ground' is deadly and logs float in from one side (could be either)
> ## Road
> A child of [HorizontalLine](#horizontalline) defining a road, wherein the ground is walkable and deadly cars drive in from one side (direction uniform within slice)
> ## SafeZone
> A child of [HorizontalLine](#horizontalline) defining a safe area where the ground is walkable and there are no obstacles.
## Obstacle
*Inherits WorldConstants*   
A superclass for a moving obstacle that can interact with the player. Created by HorizontalLine
> ## Log
> A child of [Obstacle](#obstacle) defining a Log object that the player can be walked on. Can be up to 7 tiles long.
> ## Car
> A child of [Obstacle](#obstacle) defining a Car object that kills the player on collision. Can be up to 4 tiles long.
## Player
*Inherits WorldConstants*     
An object representing the player. Handles movement and death.
## GameHandler
*Inherits Node2D*    
An object representing the entire scope of the world. responsible for generating [HorizontalSlice](#horizontalslice)s, handling in-game UI componenet and saving the player's score on death. 
## WorldController 
*Inherits Node*  
The root of the whole game. Always gonna be the toppiest node because its whole job is to instantiate whichever scene is current as its child.

## ~~MaddiesCoolUiSystem~~
~~*Inherits Control*  
A control variable I slapped a new method onto to create modal popups automatically~~  
Removed for complexity

## WorldConstants
*inherits Node2D*  
A superclass that exists for storing constants needed by everything within the gameworld.
Thus far, this is just the size of the grid step.
